Hi Pradeep,

Coding is done as per the estimation. The issues sharepoint and file transfer modules.

sharepoint:
Our sharepoint don't have access to communicate through programmes. Due to security configuration we are not able establish connection to share point
I tried various approaches using python packages like sharepy, office365 rest client and requests for connections nothing worked as we are getting certification errors
As we implmented client id and secrets for the new share point i am testing using these credetials.

Transfer:
I am not aware of the access configuration to our unix servers, I thought it would be ssh. Tried ssh, scp and lftp(as per your suggestions) but nothing worked
After you provided pfx certifactes and passwords it's working. Now we can transfer files to unix.
But unix to sahredrive, without mounting we can not transfer, tried scp, sftp and ftp also nothign worked. Tried mounting the drive unix but don't have permission


Oracle Integration, File Conversion, File Transger(windows to unix):
Successfuly implmented. There was some delay in final implementation as initially my approach was different

Rest Api:
implemented and working fine.

Implementation challanges:
When I started implmenting all these feature, thought to go with config file with seprate configurations for above use cases
So that one configuration will serve all the feaures. The users just update configurations as per the requirments and run the utilities
for file transfer, oracle file load/unload/ rest api, file conversion etc.
But after our multiple code walkthroughs, the entire code required to be changed. Which causes some delay due to repeated testing.

File transfer, Oracle Integration and File conversion all are working my laptop. But when I tested on dev server, getting issues with python packages.
Actually for my user login the python version showing 2.7, if i use sudo cdpew the python version is 3.6 and all packages also avilable.
But I can not copy the files to the directories created with sudo user and not able access files created with my login. 

I am not sure why two different python versions for different users.

In summary the challanges I faced due to connections to various entities, python versions and missing some packages(no permission for installations) which makes delay to deliver the tasks.



 
